Ye Yiqun, how dare you hurt people without authorization
Are you impatient?
Your little motherland
How dare you order me
Are you tough enough?
Ah, okay.
Then I will now order as the Ye family
Interrupt Ye Feifan's death will
Ye Family Garbage
Ye Feifan dares to kill some people in me
You die early, I will kill you today
Then prelude, you are the ordered Tai Chi Earth
Just because you want to grab Tai Chi Soil
This Tai Chi soil was originally our leaf year
Yeah that
Stole him
Today is just justifiable to take him back
Ye Feifan, don't forget
You are one
Dare to humiliate my wild family
Since you want to die so much
Let you and your mother be reunited today
I'll see who dares to touch her
So I advise you not to meddle in your own business
Otherwise I will die with you
Who dares to touch her?
Go through me first
Well, in that case
You will die with him
I'll handle it.
I kill him
Ye Kefan
What do you want?
Revenge for my mother starts with you